
This file is about the Center for Applied Artificial Intelligence, also known as Center for Applied AI, also known as CAAI. Transforming the field of AIAI and machine learning are central to how the world does business and how humans understand the world. At the Center for Applied AI, we believe that the future of AI will depend on a combination of AI with people, markets, and society. It is our goal to leverage Booth's expertise in quantitative analysis and social science to become the leader in AI as applied to business and society. Featured ProjectsSocial Media’s False Reality: How AI + Behavior Impacts Our Feeds Our friends, families, and communities all exist within an online space, but they do not so equally. Algorithms govern the content we see. How do they work?Social Media’s False Reality: How AI + Behavior Impacts Our FeedsCAAI - Behavioral ScienceAlgorithmic Bias Initiative Algorithmic bias is everywhere. But our work has also shown us that there are solutions. In healthcare, we are sharing resources to help leaders, practitioners, and policymakers address the problem and mitigate algorithmic bias wherever they find it. In criminal justice, we are using AI to show how human bias enters the system. And in social media, we illustrate how large models trained on behavior create a biased feedback loop.Algorithmic Bias InitiativeWhen a Face is a Felony We found a way to communicate with an algorithm to generate an original hypothesis. Read on to see how we applied it to predict judges' decisions.When a Face is a FelonyReducing Racial Disparities in Knee Pain using Artificial Intelligence Reducing health disparities using artificial intelligence is a key focus area for the Center for Applied Artificial Intelligence. The Center's Nightingale Open Science has recently done research using AI to address the racial disparities associated with knee pain. Reducing Racial Disparities in Knee Pain using Artificial IntelligenceLearn More about Our Center See how our research is creating an impact, meet the team that leads our center, and discover how you can engage with us.Opportunities to Engage The Center for Applied AI hosts numerous events and opportunities for those interested in getting involved in our community. CAAI's Research: (AKA, Center for Applied AI research description:)At the Center, we pursue cutting-edge research that investigates how machine learning and AI are changing the way we do business, science, and social policy.Our ResearchNightingale Open Science We are building a secure, open data hub that will bring together health systems and research communities from across the world, enabling researchers to identify breakthroughs in diagnostics and clinical decision-making. Our mission is to revolutionize the field of computational medicine by connecting world class researchers to forward thinking medical systems.Nightingale Open ScienceAbout Us Learn more about the leadership, faculty, and staff of the Center for Applied Artificial Intelligence.